Enhance comment footer on PR messages (#495)
src-d/lookout: docs/configuration.md

```yaml
providers:
  github:

>     comment_footer: "_Comment made by analyzer '{{.Name}}', [report]({{.Feedback}})._"

Reviewer: Why not use the default value? `_If you have feedback about this comment made by the analyzer {{.Name}}, please, [tell us]({{.Feedback}})._`

Author: This is part of the docs; I preferred to be concise to be readable in one line; but if you really want, I can change it.

### Add a Custom Message to the Posted Comments

You can configure **source{d} Lookout** to add a custom message to every comment that each analyzer returns. This custom message will be created from the template defined by `providers.github.comment_footer`, using the `name` and `feedback` set for each analyzer.

If the template (`providers.github.comment_footer`) is empty, or the analyzer configuration does not define any of the values that the template requires, the custom message won't be added.

For example, for this configuration, each analyzer needs to define `name` and `feedback`:

```yaml
providers:
  github:

>     comment_footer: "Comment made by analyzer {{.Name}}, [report]({{.Feedback}})."

Reviewer 2: Could the maintainer of multiple analyzers be willing to have a different footer message for each analyzer? Additionally the maintainer could also want to have different message for different providers for the same analyzer. Anyway I don't consider this as blocking, but just something that we could consider if this scenario is possible. Who's the responsible of choosing the footer message?

Author: Currently, the footer template is defined by `lookoutd` administrator.
I also agree that it should be (somehow) up to the analyzer maintainer, but I think it will come at some point as a feature request from @src-d/product

### Add a Custom Message to the Posted Comments

> You can configure **source{d} Lookout** to add a custom message to every comment that each analyzer returns. This custom message will be created passing to the template defined by `providers.github.comment_footer`, the `name` and `feedback` defined for each analyzer configuration.

Reviewer: The sentence is a bit awkward, what about:
```suggestion
You can configure **source{d} Lookout** to add a custom message to every comment that each analyzer returns. This custom message will be created from the template defined by `providers.github.comment_footer`, using the `name` and `feedback` set for each analyzer.
```

If the template (`providers.github.comment_footer`) is empty, or the analyzer configuration does not define any of the values that the template requires, the custom message won't be added.

Example:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Instead of splitting the confing into two, I think it would be more clear to show it as one file. Something like:

--------

For example, for this configuration, each analyzer needs to define `name` and `feedback`:
```yaml
providers:
  github:
    comment_footer: "Comment made by analyzer {{.Name}}, [report]({{.Feedback}})."

analyzers:
  - name: Fancy Analyzer
    addr: ipv4://localhost:9930
    feedback: http://example.com/report-issue
  - name: Awesome Analyzer
    addr: ipv4://localhost:9931
```

Comments from `Fancy Analyzer` will have this footer appended:
>_Comment made by analyzer Fancy Analyzer, [report](http://example.com/report-issue)._

but comments from `Awesome Analyzer` will not have a footer message because its configuration is missing a `feedback` value.
